Parents, please take your seats.
Let's start the auction soon.
It's down there.
It is a gold ornament from Niannian Baby.
Anyone make a bid?
80,000 90,000
120,000 180,000
Any more bids 200,000
OK
Let's congratulate Nian Nian Baby's gold ornament.
The final price is 200,000
Below is Yoyo's oil painting
Is anyone willing to marry?
Mommy, are my words really that bad?
Nonsense that what we Yoyo drew is the best
Then why didn't anyone buy it?
Who said I bought it?
5,000 I want it
5,000 is not enough for my meal
Yoyo mom
If you really want to save face for your child
You 50,000
Otherwise, the child is even more humiliating
Just shout, I'm going to spend a lot of money today
Mommy, I play too much.
We're no better than them, son
Why are you so sensible?
Your mother feels guilty for doing this.
Are you still married to Yoyo's works?
1 million